alrighty guys he survived a car wreck he
almost died he's on a delay right now so
it's gonna be crazy and I got a bug in
my computer here can I kick him oh I got
hurt by him so let's just go ahead let
stay alrighty now I got a bug in my
computer ahaha what if I can kick him
can I kick him I'm kicking him in
confidence who's the one I got in a car
wreck here huh that's a sad monitor
already oh man fuck it I do have the
power I gotta all sorts of shit going on
here this is obviously a computer that
was built by like Dell or something
because it's got a green oh oh my god
the sad TV shot me uh fuck that TV
that's right ah and I got all these
circuit breakers and all this eight hole
cave memory and 32k up there for no
reason out we don't want to go over
there it's gonna shoot at me I judged
him oh man Jesus Christ I don't like the
computer level I didn't expect you to
watch my videos
never in this video and we are no this
is we're just starting so you're ruining
this this level for everybody I got the
key you sound delay going up this day
there's like a lot of stairs and
computers and stuff whoo in out hey
let's see what happens when we go in in
out oh man I got the number one I me
another number what ya see what those
are it's a mutation credit what the fuck
does that mean oh I don't know where I
am I'm back in the beginning again but
uh huh yep yeah you gotta put away my
mutations ain't gonna find my key and
then oh man keys open the door get my
boots back on when I'm just kick down
the door then fucking radium plated
boots what oh I was retarded Oh only one
credit for mutate let's see what I get
mutated and do man oh my oh well I was
doing pretty good for a while there
hey I don't see you play you won't even
get out of bed so you won't sound like
what the fuck he shot something at me
well I know but I'm talking about shit
related to the car wreck haha yeah fuck
oh no oh we gotta start all over I've
been talking to myself this whole time
we haven't record a word you said you
still still can't hear you god damn it
alright the second half of this vid this
fuck oh god I'm so I'm so embarrassed
next episode textures Fausta actually
joins us